
Summary of the combined school data includes; 
15 schools with a total combined student count of 39,170 and a combined budget of 24,649,428.
An Average math score or 79.985 and reading score of 81.878
With 74.98 of the students passing math and 85.80 students passing reading.
A combination of students who passed both subjects is 65.17 percent of students.

At first glance of the merged data, you can conclude that schools are reporting a moderate
passing rate for their students. Although, upon closer inspection we can see that there
are striking differences that separate a successful school in regards to passing percentage.

Taking this summary all the way to the end of the analysis we can work our way backwards.
Charters school show a significant success rate over district school. 

Overall passing is 90.43% and 53.67%, respectively.
Reading passing is 96.59% and 80.8%, respectively.
Math passing is 93.62% and 66.55%, respectively.

Whereas the average reading and math scores show similar values, in charter versus district.
Average math score are 83.47 and 76.96 respectively. Average reading score  are 83.90 and 80.97, respectively.
The above scores and differences represent a striking contrast. Although, the average
reading and math scores are similar per school. The passing percentage is vastly different.
That can lead you to conclude that Charter schools have a higher success rate because their
average score versus their passing scores correlates into a more balanced data set individually.
Meaning they have a higher quality of students. Whereas District schools have a wider data set,
meaning the is less balance or more variance in their student scores. 

There are a few other data points that correspond with the above. School size matters.
Medium (1000-2000) and small (<1000) in student count had high scores and passing percentage.
Whereas school with over 2000 students report similar scores to district schools, average score but lower passing percentage.

To further analyze. Spending Ranges per school. The highest passing rates and scores per spending range,
were the schools with (<585) in spend, which was the lowest range. The scores tapered to the wrose the higher the spend
You can see with this analysis that the higher cost per student the lower the scores and passing percentage were. 

In Summation,
Charter schools had a lower cost per student, significantly higher passing percentage per student body,
and a smaller student body. You are getting a quality education with more focus of the student
at the charter school and the school is utilizing it's resources more efficiently. In comparison, students at 
a district school lower averages, a higher cost per students, and a larger student body. Leading to the conclusion that
the education is not as high quality as a Charter school.
The average scores per schools combined appears to tell a story of equality amongst schools. Although, there are good students
at districts school, the body at large at charter school is far out performing the district school.
